Node.Js Intro:

->What is Node.js?
	Node.js is a cross-platform, open-source server environment that can run on Windows, Linux, Unix, macOS, and more. 
	Node.js is a back-end JavaScript runtime environment, runs on the V8 JavaScript Engine and executes JavaScript code outside a web browser
	Node.js uses JavaScript on the server
	Node.js uses asynchronous programming!
	
{basically nodejs is runtime environment, it provids the v8 engine of chrome now we don't 
  need any browser to run javascript we can use javascript in terminal/command prompt }
  ->after downloading nodejs open command prompt and type : node -> o/p current version
  ->now we can type javascript code here
    example: const a=20
             type a :o/p is 20 etc
		     console.log("hello");

	-> now we don't need browser to run javascript we can do it in terminal/command that's why nodejs is server side 
	        "taki hum apna code backend main chala paye bina browser ke"
	
A common task for a web server can be to open a file on the server and return the content to the client.

	->Here is how PHP or ASP handles a file request:
		Sends the task to the computer's file system.
		Waits while the file system opens and reads the file.
		Returns the content to the client.
		Ready to handle the next request.
		
	->Here is how Node.js handles a file request:
		Sends the task to the computer's file system.
		Ready to handle the next request.
		When the file system has opened and read the file, the server returns the content to the client.
		Node.js eliminates the waiting, and simply continues with the next request.

	Node.js runs single-threaded, non-blocking, asynchronous programming, 
	which is very memory efficient.

	What Can Node.js Do?
		Node.js can generate dynamic page content
		Node.js can create, open, read, write, delete, and close files on the server
		Node.js can collect form data
		Node.js can add, delete, modify data in your database
	
	What is a Node.js File?
		Node.js files contain tasks that will be executed on certain events
		A typical event is someone trying to access a port on the server
		Node.js files must be initiated on the server before having any effect
		Node.js files have extension ".js"
		
		
->Running Code in Terminal
  -create js file say index.js
  - write js code inside it say: var a=20; console.log(a);
  - to run this open termial and type node .\filename.js then hit enter
     - it will show o/p | similar method is used to run this code in command prompt as well
  (clear command clears termial)
